[YUZUKI]
This Buddhist temple is having
a Christmas party.
[BOTH chuckle]
[ALL]
Merry Christmas, all!
-[pops]
-[ALL laughing]
[YUZUKI]
By the way,
if anybody asks,
this was an "end-of-year party."
[ALL]
Gotcha.
[indistinct chatter]
[AKAGAMI] Today,
I can finally repay everyone
for their kindness.
First, I'll provide a selection
of my specialties
for them all to dine on.
And then,
to Yuzuki,
who's been the kindest of all,
I'll present the gift I bought
for her in secret!
He said he's made a feast!
Probably can't afford more
than root vegetables.
[AKAGAMI]
Thank you for waiting!
[ALL]
There's meat!
[YUZUKI]
But how, Akagami?
[TSUKUYO]
Where did you get this meat?
Eh, through an old work
connection.
It's a special occasion, right?
Marry me, Akagami, I beg you.
[TSUKUYO, YUZUKI yelp]
Well! Really! I'm flattered.
When you're a little older,
okay?
[YUZUKI]
Please don't say that, Akagami!
[TSUKUYO]
You think you're joking,
but she'll hold you to it!
[AKAGAMI]
All right, everyone.
[ALL]
It's time to dig in!
[indistinct chatter]
[YUZUKI]
Now that we're nice and full,
why don't we move along
to exchanging presents?
[ALL]
Okay!
[AKAGAMI] Get ready to receive
my gratitude, Yuzuki!
Wait a minute.
What's that?
This is for the gift exchange.
We pull these ropes,
and that decides
who gets what presents.
[AKAGAMI]
No way!
The Christmas presents are being
distributed randomly?
But this present
is specifically for Yuzuki!
I was going to give
the others their gifts later.
What do I do now?
[YUZUKI] Okay! Tie these ropes
around your gifts!
-[ALL] Huh?
-[MIA] Huh?
Mia, the "I'm your gift" thing
doesn't really play
here in Japan.
[MIA]
Seriously?
[TSUKUYO]
And what are you doing?
My gift is whichever
of my organs you like.
[TSUKUYO, YUZUKI]
What a terrifying gift!
Please, help me out here!
Yeah, me too!
Don't have gifts, huh?
Gimme a second.
How about doing something
like this?
-[AKAGAMI] Great idea!
-[MIA] Brilliant!
[KURAGE]
Hmm?
[YUZUKI] Okay!
Everyone have their ropes?
[ALL]
Yeah!
Ready, and--
Ta-da!
I got mittens.
Oh, those are from me.
-[KURAGE] Thank you.
-You're very welcome.
But I'd have preferred
Akagami's gift.
[NYAGOSUKE meows]
[TSUKUYO] What did you want
to make him do, exactly?
Tsukuyo?
What was your rope tied to?
Um, a doll?
That's mine! I picked that out!
[TSUKUYO]
Thanks, Yuzuki.
[ALL]
Sounds like her.
[YUZUKI]
Huh?
[TSUKUYO]
Hmm...
[vibrating]
[TSUKUYO] This is no
ordinary kokeshi doll!
Okay, it's my turn!
Listen, Yuzu!
[YUZUKI]
What's this?
[KURAGE] I wanted Akagami
to end up with that.
[TSUKUYO] Kurage,
we're having a long talk later.
[AKAGAMI]
Would you look at that?
I got my own.
[MIA]
Yeah, same here.
And me too.
Akagami?
Would you be interested
in trading with me?
What's this?
A DVD filled
with dirty photos of Mia.
Kagura!
-What do you think you're doing?
-[KAGURA giggles]
And when did you even
take those?
She's only teasing you.
And he'd never look, anyway.
[gulps]
-[YUZUKI] Hand it over.
-Oh! Well, uh--
-[AKAGAMI whimpers]
[AKAGAMI]
Sure thing.
Sorry, Yuzuki was right.
I was just teasing.
But I do have my real gift
right here.
Oh, yeah?
Free passes to a hot spring inn.
-[ALL yelp]
-It's open twenty-four seven,
three hundred and sixty-five.
And it happens to be
just around the corner.
[YUZUKI]
Such a wondrous place exists?
[KAGURA] I have enough passes
for everyone.
[MIA giggles]
-Let's go there later tonight!
-[AKAGAMI sobbing]
This is really too kind of you!
[KAGURA]
Don't be silly.
You all do so much for me,
and now I'm returning the favor.
It's truly my pleasure.
Let's go!
But first, there's cake
for dessert!
[ALL]
Christmas is the best day ever!
[YUZUKI] Thanks for coming
with me to make the offering.
[AKAGAMI]
No problem!
Thank you for making this
such a fun Christmas.
[YUZUKI]
I'm glad you're enjoying it.
So this is what it's like.
Every Christmas must've been
like this for you.
-[YUZUKI] Actually, not really.
-Huh?
[YUZUKI]
I mean, our father moved out,
and our mother departed
for the head temple.
And then, well, no one
ever smiled like they did today.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
And yet, they've been smiling
all the time
since you joined us here.
[YUZUKI chuckles]
I'm thinking
it's all because of you.
Yuzuki...
And I'm so grateful.
Um--
Well, anyway, I--
[AKAGAMI gasps]
I'm never gonna have
a better chance than this!
[BOTH] Here!
I got you a Christmas present!
[BOTH]
Huh?
[YUZUKI]
So that's for me?
And that's for me?
[YUZUKI]
Shall we, then?
[AKAGAMI]
All right.
[YUZUKI gasps]
[YUZUKI]
Are these from Mari's shop?
[AKAGAMI]
A set of prayer beads.
-[laughs]
-Hold on,
so we both went back
there independently?
-That's so crazy!
-I guess we missed each other.
I knew that smile on Mari's face
was suspicious.
[chuckles]
[YUZUKI] Well, thank you
so much for the gift.
[AKAGAMI]
Sure. And thank you, too.
Hmm?
We exchanged prayer beads.
[MARI] In fact, during Buddhist
wedding ceremonies,
the couple exchanges
prayer beads rather than rings.
[BOTH gasp]
[BOTH grunt]
[BOTH grunting]
-[door slides]
-[BOTH scream]
[panting]
So I finally tracked
the two of you down!
-Kiki! Hey!
-[chuckles]
We were wondering
where you were!
You already missed
the whole Christmas party.
[KIKI] We've got
a tokudo problem, Yuzuki.
You do?
[YUZUKI]
Is it me?
Do I lack the skills?
[KIKI]
No. It's the location.
The ceremony's supposed
to be held at the temple
where the candidate trained.
Namely, the main hall
of this temple.
Yeah?
Key sect members will attend
the ceremony, as well.
But before that happens,
the temple is subject
to an inspection.
[BOTH gasp]
Depending on the results of it,
there may be no ceremony.
-Understand now?
-[BOTH whimpering]
[BOTH scream]
[YUZUKI] We can't afford
to repair the statue!
[AKAGAMI]
No way!
[KAGURA]
Well, here we are.
[ALL gasp]
[AKAGAMI, YUZUKI grunt]
Hmm?
Hey, don't worry.
We'll figure everything out,
okay?
For now, let's enjoy ourselves.
I hope you're not concerned
about the cost.
These tickets are
all expenses paid.
-[AKAGAMI] Really?
-We can even stay overnight.
-[AKAGAMI] Say what?
-[giggles]
[ALL gasp]
[MALE BATH EMPLOYEES]
Welcome.
They're kneeling before you?
-You're imagining.
-Huh?
-[AKAGAMI] Is that the manager?
-[sobbing]
-Tears are pouring down his--
-[KAGURA] You're imagining.
[KAGURA]
Okay, listen up everyone.
Get your towels
at the front desk,
and then we'll be able
to go into the hot springs.
[ALL]
Yay!
[TSUKUYO]
Thanks again, Kagura!
This is perfect!
Well, it's been a while, but I-
Huh?
What's this, now?
So I guess I'll be going
this way, then?
A drink?
Ah, don't mind if I do!
Much obliged, my good man!
[gulping]
[exhales]
That sure was stimulating!
Huh?
[screams]
[giggles]
All right.
I think I'll just--
Oh, boy.
[MALE MANAGER 08A]
Sorry.
Yuzu. Come on, now.
You know exactly
what we want to see. [giggles]
[YUZUKI]
Um...
-[TSUKUYO] Please!
-[MIA] Just show us once!
Well...
All right, you win.
[grunts]
Yuzu!
Even your bicep is adorable!
How do those arms produce
such superhuman strength?
Uh, don't call it "superhuman."
Chopping wood does
build muscle, you know.
Then someday Yuzuki
will be jacked!
Maybe I should develop
a little more muscle, too.
-One, two--
-Since your breasts got so fat?
Please don't put it that way.
Honestly, though,
any bigger than this would
be kind of a pain, you know?
-[KURAGE] Hmm.
-[chuckles]
-[KURAGE] I'll take 'em, then!
-[grunts]
-Hand 'em over, you!
-Stop it! Ow! Hey!
They're not removable!
Please, this is no place
for roughhousing!
[humming]
Huh?
Whoa!
[YUZUKI]
Wow, this is just incredible.
And we've got the whole place
to ourselves!
Not bad!
[MIA]
It really is impressive.
[ALL]
Huh?
Uh...
That's impressive.
What is?
-You're so beautiful, Mia.
-Huh?
You look like a different person
with your hair down.
[MIA]
Uh, thank you.
And may I just say,
Akagami would love your bodies.
[BOTH gasp]
Oh. Thanks, I guess.
All of us?
But you know, none of us
can compare to her.
Ooh, how relaxing.
She lives so indulgently,
yet she maintains that.
Wow, Master! Well done!
-Master!
-Hmm, I must say,
you're not too bad yourself,
Mia.
I, uh--
One woman to another,
you really have quite the body.
Oh, dear me!
Am I straying from the path
of enlightenment?
I'm terribly sorry
to disappoint you, Mia--
Okay!
Everyone get in the bath now,
before you catch a cold.
Playtime's over!
Oh, yes.
Hmm.
Hey. Why isn't Kagura here?
Don't worry.
She always takes her time
changing her clothes.
[TSUKUYO]
Speaking of Kagura,
she always has that camera.
What does she do with it,
anyway?
[YUZUKI]
Take dirty pictures?
I'm kind of curious why she came
to our temple, aren't you?
It is our policy not to pry,
after all.
[MIA]
For years, everywhere I've gone,
she's been by my side.
I've known her
since grade school.
When I had no other friends,
and everyone avoided me.
When I ran away from home
after a fight with my parents.
And when I came to Japan,
she was always with me.
Yeah, that's right.
I'd forgotten how quiet
you were at first.
That's because I was so nervous.
These days, you're more
talkative than she is.
She sure doesn't volunteer
much information about herself.
That, I've noticed.
[MIA]
It's true. She's mysterious.
There's a lot
even I don't know about her.
And yet, one thing I do know,
is that Kagura would never
betray me, no matter what.
[chuckles]
Because she's my best friend!
[AKAGAMI]
Mia, that was beautiful.
But what is everyone doing
in my personal bath?
I was so surprised
that I instinctively hid,
and now it seems
like I'm peeping!
What's more,
there's no way I can come out
of hiding in this condition!
Kiki, am I attractive, too?
Uh, yeah. Sure.
[AKAGAMI] I have to escape
without being noticed.
Hmm...
[giggles]
[AKAGAMI]
I was noticed!
[KAGURA]
Hmm.
[AKAGAMI]
It's over.
-[AKAGAMI crying]
-[KAGURA giggles]
-Huh?
-Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
[BOTH giggle]
[AKAGAMI]
Kagura, are you
letting me off the hook?
What an angel.
I'm outta here.
[KAGURA]
Quick question.
Hypothetically,
what would you all do
-if Akagami peeped on us?
-[AKAGAMI gasps]
Turnabout is fair play, so I'd--
[YUZUKI, TSUKUYO]
I'd kill him.
Really?
That makes sense.
Not only is it a crime,
-but a moral failing...
-[AKAGAMI groans]
...and a complete
and utter betrayal of our trust.
[groans]
Why, he'd have to be
evicted immediately.
[AKAGAMI]
I wish I could disagree!
Although, I'd want
to at least hear him out first.
[gasps]
Yeah, it's Akagami.
I'm sure there'd be
some explanation.
Oh, absolutely!
You just haven't gotten to know
him like we have, Kagura.
Hmm?
But even so,
what an embarrassing situation,
right?
[AKAGAMI] Akemitsu Akagami,
you're such a fool!
Listen to how much faith
they have in you
as a man of high character!
How could you have ever
doubted them?
[grunts]
I'll announce my presence.
Surely they'll understand.
Goodness, I had no idea
all of you had such
special feelings for Akagami.
Oh, uh.
I wouldn't say "special."
It's true.
We've been through a lot.
Yeah, special!
[KAGURA]
Isn't that something?
How wonderful for you.
[grunts]
-[AKAGAMI] Everyone!
-[YUZUKI, TSUKUYO] Huh?
[AKAGAMI]
It is I!
[ALL gasping]
[ALL scream]
[AKAGAMI]
Huh? [screams]
At the year's end, they say
seeing a turtle is good luck.
Turtle?
So it was
all a misunderstanding?
That's right.
[YUZUKI] Yet you were hiding
for quite some time.
Yes.
Give the kid a break.
He did reveal himself, right?
He did.
And I agree,
that was commendable, but--
Uh...
No "buts." It was commendable.
[TSUKUYO] And more substantial
than last time.
And very, I don't know.
-Manly.
-[AKAGAMI] Uh. Thanks.
[YUZUKI] Well, everyone ready
to head back?
[TSUKUYO]
We're not spending the night?
[YUZUKI] We shouldn't leave
the temple empty that long.
[KAGURA] Actually, I think
I'm going to stay behind.
I didn't get to soak
as much as I wanted to.
I'll stay, too!
I want to see more of the inn!
All right! See you later!
Okay. Well, have a good night.
[KAGURA]
Akagami,
I think you might want
to take another dip, as well.
Uh, no thanks.
I think I'd better--
Are you really going out
in public in your condition?
[AKAGAMI yelps]
-I'll stay here!
-[KAGURA giggles]
[AKAGAMI sighs]
Indoor baths are nice, too.
Man, oh, man.
This thing doesn't want
to go down!
[KAGURA] I can make it go down,
if you'd like.
Now that'd be great, thank you.
Huh?
[KAGURA giggles]
[yelps]
Kagura!
What are you doing here?
[AKAGAMI]
Sorry, I'll get out of your way!
[KAGURA]
Oh, no, you won't.
[blows]
-[groans]
-[thuds]
[whimpering]
[KAGURA] Calming it down
should be easy enough.
-[whimpering]
-Just relax, okay?
I can lead you to enlightenment.
[AKAGAMI yelping]
-[gasps]
-[bites] Give in to me.
[yelps]
[AKAGAMI]
Desires, begone!
-[hits]
-[screams]
[groaning]
[KAGURA] My, my,
you are stubborn, aren't you?
And after I've gone
to such great lengths
in order to make you succumb
to your desires.
[AKAGAMI]
Huh?
[KAGURA]
I reserved the whole inn,
set you up in the hot spring,
and drugged you
with an aphrodisiac
disguised as a "welcome" drink.
[AKAGAMI]
I see. That explains that.
I even attempted
to seduce you personally.
But no luck.
[AKAGAMI]
Wait a minute!
Why would you do that?
To exterminate a pest.
Huh?
My goal here, Akagami,
is to make you
leave the temple.
You see, I have a grand plan,
and you've gotten
in the way of it.
Grand plan?
My true purpose
in coming to Japan.
A simple plan, really,
to awaken an erotic queen.
The idea was that
during Mia's time here Japan,
she'd enjoy sexual intercourse
with no fewer than 100 ready,
willing, and able men.
Oh, so you're crazy.
[KAGURA]
Mia is the rightful heir
of the Christoph family.
-Kagura?
-[KAGURA] And it is she
who will lead that great,
erotic family to glory.
Yoo-hoo! Kagura!
How rude. I was speaking.
Yeah, sorry, but you were
seriously losing me.
[KAGURA]
I had every reason
to believe my plan
would go swimmingly.
But instead,
Mia bonded with you
over your shared interest
in suppressing
your carnal natures.
Mia wants to escape her family!
That's the whole reason
she came to Japan!
Yes, I'm well aware.
So what are you thinking?
Isn't it obvious?
What do you suppose
my intentions might be?
Go ahead,
give it your best guess.
Kagura, tell me,
are you working against Mia?
[MIA]
Huh?
[MIA] It's my very best friend
in the world
and Akagami, naked!
Should I get in on this?
One, two, three.
[MIA snoring]
Mia!
Hmm.
[KAGURA]
One, two, three.
[AKAGAMI]
Kagu-- [snoring] [thuds]
[KAGURA]
The very first thing I learned
was how to smile.
-[grunting]
-[KAGURA] I am a proud member
-of the Baldwin family.
-[gasps]
The Baldwins have always
been closely linked
to the Christophs.
Our lot is
but to do their bidding
and support them
from the shadows.
Do you comprehend my meaning?
[AKAGAMI]
No.
[KAGURA]
I can't betray the Christophs.
I am their obedient dog.
That's what it is to be born
into this world as a Baldwin.
[AKAGAMI]
Hold on.
It's not too late.
-Huh?
-There's another path available.
You and Mia could break
the chains of family together!
[gasps]
I knew
you were an interesting man.
Akagami, answer me this.
Why do you work at the temple?
[AKAGAMI] My family owes them
a lot of money.
And when you've finally repaid
that debt,
what will you do next?
[gasps]
[AKAGAMI]
Next?
[KAGURA]
Will you become a head priest?
Leave the temple
and find work elsewhere?
Why did you seek out
Mikazuki Temple
in the first place?
[gasps]
[AKAGAMI] I wanted to defeat
the worldly desires
that have long brought shame
upon my family.
[KAGURA]
So,
to put it in slightly
different terms,
you ran away from home.
-[AKAGAMI gasps]
-You're merely a runaway.
The same goes for Mia.
What an insult to Yuzuki,
who's working so hard
to face her family obligations.
[AKAGAMI]
But I--
[KAGURA] I have a deal
to offer you, Akagami.
A deal?
[KAGURA]
I'll take on your family's debt.
-Every last bit of it.
-[AKAGAMI gasps]
I'll also put up the money
to repair the statue.
And? What do I have to do?
[chuckles]
You don't have to do
a single thing but leave.
You do that, and you will have
rescued Mikazuki Temple.
[gasps]
[KAGURA] You give it some
thought and get back to me.
[grunting]
Slappy, slappy.
[MIA, TSUKUYO]
Boing, boing.
Slappy, slappy.
[MIA, TSUKUYO]
Boing, ba-boing.
Slappy, slappy.
Flat, flat!
What was that?
[grunts]
[MIA, TSUKUYO]
Uh, boing, boing?